[TS] recommend option object args in docs (#924)
temporalio/documentation: docs/typescript/workflows.md

<!--SNIPEND-->

The snippet above uses `proxyActivities` to create functions that, when called, schedule a `greet` Activity in the system to say "Hello World".

> Workflow functions can support one or more arguments, but we encourage you to use single parameter option objects, as that helps with backward compatibility:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

A Workflow function can have multiple parameters, but we encourage you to use a single object parameter, as that helps with backward compatibility:
```

```ts

> export async function example({ name: string }): Promise<{ name: string }> {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export async function example({ name: string }): Promise<{ greeting: string }> {
```

The snippet above uses `proxyActivities` to create functions that, when called, schedule a `greet` Activity in the system to say "Hello World".

A Workflow function can have multiple parameters, but we encourage you to use a single object parameter, as that helps with backward compatibility:

```ts

> export async function example({
>   name,
> }: {
>   name: string;
> }): Promise<{ greeting: string }> {
>   const greeting = await greet(name);
>   return { greeting };
> }

Author: maybe more readable?

```suggestion
type argsType = {
  name: string;
}

export async function example(args: argsType): Promise<{ greeting: string }> {
  const greeting = await greet(args.name);
  return { greeting };
}
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type ExampleArgs = {
  name: string;
}

export async function example(args: ExampleArgs): Promise<{ greeting: string }> {
  const greeting = await greet(args.name);
  return { greeting };
}
```
